hey what's up guys welcome to this
Monday's video I'm here my brother Bryce
hey guys how's it going before we get
started with this Monday's video I want
to tell you about what happened this
weekend went to Mack on me my brother my
sister and my mom it was that awesome
meeting you guys taking pictures signing
stuff and it's good to see you guys
appreciate what me and some of the other
guys do off the camera and on the camera
and all that stuff like on vine
Instagram Twitter all the people that
didn't make it I like to thank you guys
for showing your appreciation and
everything on Twitter and Instagram I
saw your pictures everything next time
we'll meet and we'll have some fun
together and uh yeah so shopping it off
to the start of the video what we're
gonna do right so it's time to start
this sub mondays video so today we're
gonna do teach ourselves yes because
some people just don't know how to dance
like on stage and whenever there's other
people around especially you guys when
you come watch you probably notice us
not dancing there as well so let's get
started I am okay so we're gonna dance
me you've got our we got our tutorial up
right here so if you look over here
that's where we're living
shut up that's not this up when I show
you what it is I'm kind of are you not
you guys my shows what is it baby
does that bargain too easy to pick
cookie things first anchors getting the
rock the rock can get so nice you're the
crowd you guys gotta just gotta be
shoulder width apart
rah rah rah rah autonomous driving this
is many other somewhere far away first
minis one in a winning and finish one
hand up at sets free stuff oh you do it
everyone on it
it's boku wo was for cow a bull
beautiful guessing that's like the
middle part sure you turn it up break it
up corny here - yeah - oh yeah yeah yeah
oh yeah yeah oh yeah you don't see the
the for counter you can do anything
then dunk the ball you don't say you can
shoot the ball just you
oh Christ Network now we're going to
show you what we do you don't tense up I
settled it
yeah
don't you ever make it up for when sums
up so we're gonna cut it with this so as
you guys can see we're still learning
hopefully at future videos and future
random dancing
we'll learn that something will know how
to dance well know how to dance when the
time comes
yeah feel the beat for count remember
the four count weave swerve Duncan hose
goes play a boy done
that's how you do it right there so you
do the Naenae soo in Toombs Ville that's
what it is right thank you guys for
watching this Monday's video of the guys
enjoyed it um our awesome dancing was
incredibly horrible but we're definitely
working on it right Bryce yeah I'll just
take a Taser I mean a few months
okay yours yep everyone have a good day
on my Instagram Twitter and vine links
are below if you guys want to check
those out subscribe to my channel and
also like this video if you enjoyed it
and yes so thank you guys for watching
and hope you guys have an awesome rest
to your day see ya I'm Brent and I
approve this message
left his sheep out of the room